Digital product managment masterclass notes 


SECTION 2

WHICH DIGITAL PORDUCT IS RIGHT FOR ME ?

step 1:
  what is my current business idea? (what type of online products will custmers be interested in buying? most efficient way of finding it out will be surveying audience)

step 2: 
  what do other brands in my space sell? research the market and try to fill in the gaps, also a good guide to see what has been sucssesful and what sells the best. needs market research 

step 3: 
  what are my current skills? 




HOW TO FIND A GREAT IDEA ?

step 1: 
  what do i make money with already? can i turn it into digital version?

step 2: 
  start with your hobbies, passions, expirience, education, what i know.

step 3:
  soft validation, and then hard validation.


DEFINE PURPOSE 

step 1:
  what is the problem i amtrying to solve? 

step 2: 
  what is my solution and why is it unique?


WHAT IS MY UNIQUE SELLING PROPOSITION?

more accessible, more affordable, catering to a different audience, more unique

SECTTION 2 ASSIGNMENT 

Questions for this assignment


Write down what type of product or service you'll be creating.
  1) Home-style mixology and bartending, bartending for larger parties and interesting ideas and drinks. 
  2) Web-content based tutorials, combining multiple concepts to create a better undertanding of big picture. 
  3) simple tutorial videos on everyday things on youtube, to drive traffic.
  4) tutorial on how to become a developer and what direction to take in developing. mock interviews and many other helpful non-technical and technical skills.
  5) fighting tutrials for beginiers, where to start, what style to choose, where to go from there.

What is the problem your business solves?
  1) eliminates the need of a personal bartender, makes it fun even more fun, and givesa chance to show off some cool skillsto       fellowss
  2) solves the problem of confusion, from my personal perspective i was very confused and needed a lot of coaching into a direction that i took as a developer, the skill set that works well togehter and expirience i should be working on getting, drives more traffic and client base to the  potential web-studio.
  3) solves the basinc need of knowing how to do things in better manner, also drives traffic to other products.
  4) makes it easier to get into the market of developing and understand where do you want to go and why
  5) it's a great hobby for a lot of people and a good career for many also, would be good to know what style to take and where you can go from there, and what will it enable you to do.

What is the solution your business will create?
  1) e-book with recepies videos on youtube and possibly a coourse of udemy
  2) e-book, videos and udemy courses
  3) videos on youtube
  4) e-book, videos and udemy courses
  5) videos, podcasts, maybe a udemy course? 

What is your unique selling proposition? Why will someone pick your product over someone elses?
  1) expirience and quality and simpliciy, and complexity 
  2) i dont think there is something simmiliar on tha market(maybe a female narrator)
  3) fun fun fun ! 
  4) expiricnce and more relatable to beginers, personality and honesty(maybe a female narrator)
  5) female narrator

What are similar businesses or brands that you can learn and differentiate from?
  1) other simialar but not the same product 
  2) udemy courses and people(possibly create a inclusive videos of everything a "crash-course")
  3) youtube videos
  4) other instructors 
  5) not many but some other intrsctuors of the market(wiht completley different approach)

SECTION 3 

